Build PDF reports from Sitebulb Audits. Sitebulb allows you to build PDF reports for any single report, or for the whole Audit in a single document. With just a few button clicks, you can generate highly professional and comprehensive PDF reports, for a variety of different use cases. Build a full Audit PDF report From the Audit Overview tab, click the PDF Report button in the top navigation bar. This enables you to quickly build a professional, formatted PDF report that encapsulates the audit for presentation. Customize PDF report data In the pop-up window, configure the information you want to include in your PDF report. You can configure many aspects of the information that gets printed - from specifying the exact reports you wish to include, to whether you want to include charts and data tables. This gives you the freedom to produce exactly the audit report you need for your specific use case. Print PDF Once you have made your selection, click the Print PDF button and choose where to save your document. The document may take a few seconds to build. Build single PDF reports You can also build a report that only contains the data from a specific report in Sitebulb. Navigate to a report you want to create a PDF for and find the Printable PDF button in the top right: Customize PDF report data In the pop-up window, configure the information you want to include in your PDF report Print PDF Once you have made your selection, click the Print PDF button and choose where to save your document. This may take a few seconds to build. Video Explanation Use Cases The flexibility of PDF reporting in Sitebulb means that you can generate different types of reports for different scenarios; as you can pick and choose exactly what you want to include for the specific situation: Monthly client reporting Prospecting - sending reports to potential clients Lead generation - allowing potential clients to sign up for a sample report Sharing among internal teams Audit settings Audit Data Navigating Sitebulb Audits Structured Data Report Sitebulb Cloud Webhooks Build PDF reports from Sitebulb Audits 