Connecting to Sitebulb Cloud. Once your cloud server has been set up, you'll receive an email containing connection details - it will explain how to connect through the web interface and through the desktop application. Connecting through the browser Your welcome email will contain the login URL you will need to go to. Simply visit this URL and log in with your Sitebulb username and password. Once logged in, you will be able to access existing audit data and start new projects. Connecting through the desktop application You can also connect to your Sitebulb Cloud server through the desktop application. Log into Sitebulb Desktop Log into Sitebulb Desktiop with the account you have been given access to Cloud with. Make sure you are using the latest Sitebulb desktop version, which you can download from here (feel free to enjoy the release notes while you wait for it to download). Navigate to the Servers section Start by heading to the Servers section in the top left and switching from Desktop to Servers. Connect to your Sitebulb Cloud server Click the green Add a new Server button in the top right to add a new server. You'll be presented with a form. Add the server host, port number, and secret key details. You will get the relevant details within your welcome email, there will be a section that looks like this: These are the details you need to fill in on the 'Register a New Server' panel. Do not leave a trailing slash in the server host URL, otherwise you will encounter a connection error. Connect to the Server Once you hit Save this will add the server to your list of Registered Servers, and you can Connect to the server by pressing the green button: The data you now see in Sitebulb is the same as the data on the server. You'll see a message at the top of the screen that clarifies you are now looking at audits on the server, and not on your desktop: Now that you are looking at data on the server, you can dig into any audit on there in exactly the same way you would on your desktop machine. You can even produce CSV exports on the server and save them directly to your desktop! Integrating Slack with Sitebulb Cloud Sitebulb Cloud Server settings Archiving audit data on Sitebulb Cloud Sitebulb Cloud Webhooks Concurrent Crawling Connecting to Sitebulb Cloud 