Export files to Google Sheets. Sitebulb integrates with the Google Sheets API, so you can push Sitebulb-generated-spreadsheets directly into Google Sheets. Before you can do this, you will need to authenticate a Google account to use. Connect your Google Account The first time you use one of the 'Export to Google Sheets' features, you will see a call to action to sign in and connect your Google account. The first time you do this, you'll need to authorise a Google account to use, but you won't need to keep doing this step in the future. Authorize your Google Account This step is super straightforward, once you click Sign in with Google , a browser window will open up and you just need to select or sign in with the right account and then verify that you are happy for Sitebulb to access your account. Make sure to give Sitebulb all the required permissions for the authorization to work. Return to Sitebulb Once your account has been authorized, you'll see a basic confirmation screen, and can then just return to the tool. You should now see the account added to Google, ready for uploading your data. You are able associate multiple different Google accounts, in case you use different accounts for different clients. Export data to Google Sheets Select your Google account from the dropdown, give the Sheet a descriptive name (or use the pre-filled option) and hit Export and Upload to Google Drive . The upload will typically take a few seconds to process, however if you are uploading spreadsheets with LOTS of data, this can take a few minutes (see information below on Data Limits). View your Data Once the upload is complete you will be presented with two options, either to go into the 'root' Google Drive folder, or directly into the uploaded Google Sheet itself. If you select View Google Sheet this will dive you straight into the uploaded spreadsheet, which will show the URL data as it appears in URL Lists in the tool: View the Sitebulb Google Drive Folder If you instead select Google Drive Folder you'll see how the export has gone in, and that Sitebulb has created a 'Sitebulb Exports' folder in Drive, which will be the place that all future Sitebulb data is saved to. Within this you can also see that the data is organised further into Projects and Audits, so your data stays within a consistent structure in the future. Note that you can also jump directly into the Sitebulb Google Drive folder from anywhere within the audit, by pressing the Google Drive button in the top navigation. Different Types of Export Sitebulb is designed to offer you all the exports you commonly need, ready and prepared for you as soon as the audit is finished - most of these are CSV files but occasionally we use formatted Excel files for more custom requirements. Additionally, we also provide complete flexibility within the URL Lists or the URL Explorer to build your own filtered lists and export these as well. (Almost) every single export can be pushed into Sheets. If the option is available to use Sheets, you'll see it as a dropdown option when you click the green Export buttons that you find throughout the audit. The different types of export include: Automated Exports to Google Sheets (Audit Settings) Grouped Hint exports (e.g. 'On Page Hints' or 'All Hints') Individual Hint exports (e.g. 'Meta description is missing') Exports from URL Lists Specific pre-built exports (e.g. 'Broken Links') Bulk Exports (e.g. 'Audit Summary') Exporting Grouped Hints By 'Grouped Hints', what we mean is a complete set of triggered Hints for a specific report (e.g. 'On Page'). Sitebulb will produce a summary sheet, with all the individual Hints sheets accessible via links. Navigate to a specific report You will find all available reports on the left-hand side menu - for example 'On Page' Export all Hints to Google Sheets Click the green Export button alongside 'Printable PDF'. From the dropdown, select the Export all Hints to Google Sheets option. View your Grouped Hint data Grouped Hint exports will be saved inside a 'Hints' folder within the Audit folder in Drive, whereas anything else you export (including a single Hint export) will just appear as a file underneath. Once you open your groped hints export, you'll encounter a summary sheet, which links through to individual Hints worksheets via the links on the left, with the coverage and importance details in the other columns. Clicking through to an individual Hint will open up the corresponding sheet for the individual Hint, which shows the URL data itself, as it appears in URL Lists in the tool: Audit settings Google Sheets Exports Data Exports Settings Navigating Sitebulb Audits Structured Data Report Export files to Google Sheets 