Global Content Settings. Sitebulb has a range of 'global settings' which act as the default settings for every new audit you start. From the top navigation menu, choose the 'Settings' option. From here, the 'Content' tab allows you to control some of the thresholds in the content-based Hints in Sitebulb. There are customisable 4 sections, the first is the 'Content Settings', and the second is 'Non Descriptive Link Text', Soft 404 Text, and Tracking and Analytics Parameters. Content Settings This allows you to adjust the thresholds for how Page Titles, Meta Descriptions and H1s are classified in the On Page report. This relates to these specific Hints: Title tag length too short Title tag length too long Meta description length too short Meta description length too long <h1> length too short <h1> length too long Simply overwrite any values you wish to change, then hit the green Save button to apply your changes. Note that this will not recalculate the data for existing audits, but the settings will come into play for all new audits. Non Descriptive Link Text This affects how Sitebulb determines whether a link is using 'descriptive text', for these 2 Hints: Has one or more outgoing followed links with non descriptive anchor text Has incoming followed links that do not use descriptive anchor text You can add your own variations of words or phrases by adding them into the box. Moving forwards, internal links that use this anchor text would be flagged for these Hints. One use-case of this settings is to internationalise the settings, by including some language specific variations (see example below). Soft 404 Text This section relates to the following hint, which identifies URLs that respond with a 200 status but appear to be an error page. Contains possible soft 404 phrases You can add your own wording and phrases here, as they are relevant to your website. In future audits, URLs containing these phrases will be flagged us as soft 404s under the hint above. Tracking and Analytics Parameters This section allows you to define the Tracking and Analytics Parameters used to trigger related hints. Session ID Parameters This section allows you to define the Session ID Parameters used to trigger related hints. Content Search Settings On Page Report Duplicate Content Report Global Ignored Hints Looker Studio Sitebulb Connector Global Content Settings Content Settings Non Descriptive Link Text Soft 404 Text Tracking and Analytics Parameters Session ID Parameters 