How to crawl a URL List. By default, Sitebulb is set to 'crawl' a website from the start URL you supply - which means finding all the links on the page and following these in turn. However, in some circumstances, you may wish to only crawl a specific set of URLs on a website without following the links. In such cases, you would need to set a URL List as your crawl source. Start a new Audit To crawl a URL list, start a new audit in your desired Project or set up a new Project and set your start URL to match the domain of the URLs in your list. Keep in mind that Sitebulb will only crawl URLs that match the subdomain of the start URL provided (so you can't just upload a massive list of URLs from lots of different sites). Navigate to Crawl Sources Once you get to the Audit Settings screen, navigate to 'Crawl Sources'. 'Crawl Sources' is the only audit setting in Sitebulb that is not optional. Sitebulb needs at least one crawl source, otherwise it cannot crawl! The default setting is for Sitebulb to crawl the website, so 'Crawl Website' will always be selected by default. However, it can be configured to also crawl XML Sitemap URLs, and/or a provided URL List. Choose 'URL List' as your crawl source To get Sitebulb to 'crawl' based on a list, check the 'URL List' option. Typically, URL Lists are used when you DON'T also crawl the website to crawl a specific area or section of the site. If you wish to do this, make sure to uncheck the 'Crawl Website' option at this point, to ensure only your selected URL list is used as a source for your audit. Add a URL list file To add a URL List, simply upload a .csv or .txt file from your local computer. When using a URL List as your crawl source, Sitebulb isn't strictly crawling, as links from the pages will not be followed, but the data will be collected and analyzed for all URLs contained in the list. Stop Sitebulb from crawling specific URLs Audit failed and no URLs were crawled Audit settings XML Sitemap Generator Concurrent Crawling How to crawl a URL List Start a new Audit Navigate to Crawl Sources Choose 'URL List' as your crawl source Add a URL list file 