Integrating Slack with Sitebulb Cloud. Sitebulb Cloud can be integrated with Slack so that you can receive Slack notifications about the progress of the audits running on your server. Integration is quick and simple, this article will guide you through the steps to get set up. Please note that this can only be set up when you are logged into your Sitebulb Cloud server through the browser as the admin user. Add Incoming WebHooks to Slack To get started, you'll need to be logged into your Slack workspace, then visit this URL . You should come to a screen like the one below. Click the green Add to Slack button: Choose the relevant channel Scroll down to the setup area and select the Slack channel you want Sitebulb Server to post to. Slack will refresh the page and you'll be presented with a load of information about how to set up your integration - this can all be ignored as we have already taken care of it on our end. Customise data display However, if you scroll down to the Integration Settings section you can optionally customize how the data gets displayed in Slack (red boxes below). Copy your Webhook URL Whether or not you customize your data, make sure to copy the Webhook URL as you will need this in the next step. Add WebHook URL to Sitebulb In the browser, head to the Settings panel in the top navigation, and select the Slack Integration tab. Here you can paste in the Webhook URL you copied from Slack in the step above, and add the name of the Slack channel you wish to post to: Enjoy Sitebulb notifications in Slack As audits on the cloud server run, you will get notifications in your chosen Slack channel: You'll also be notified when audits are paused, or if they error. Connecting to Sitebulb Cloud Adding users to Sitebulb Cloud Sitebulb Cloud Server settings Archiving audit data on Sitebulb Cloud Sitebulb Cloud Webhooks Integrating Slack with Sitebulb Cloud Add Incoming WebHooks to Slack Choose the relevant channel Customise data display Copy your Webhook URL Add WebHook URL to Sitebulb Enjoy Sitebulb notifications in Slack 