Looker Studio multi-project monitoring template. Sitebulb's Looker Studio multi-project monitoring template is designed to help users who need to stay on top of lots of websites on a consistent basis, for example: Publishers/brands who manage dozens of sites Agencies who run weekly/monthly 'health check' audits on their clients This is a simple monitoring dashboard allows you to easily see an overview of the data for multiple sites at once. Follow the steps below to set up your own Multi-Project Monitoring Dashboard. Prerequisite Enable Looker Studio access to your projects by following the steps in this document . Copy the Template Head to Sitebulb's template page and make a copy of the dashboard from the burger menu in the top right corner. Create a new data source The Make a copy button will open a modal window entitled 'Copy this report', and it will take a minute to check the data sources - which will both show as '(Unknown)'. Don't worry about this, just click the 'New Data Source' dropdown on the right, and select Create Data Source at the bottom: Select the Sitebulb connector Search or scroll down and locate 'Sitebulb' in the Partner Connectors section. This will take you directly to the Connector page, which will allow you to set up your Sitebulb Server instance as a data source for Google Looker Studio. Add Server authentication details Use the Server Host URL, Server Port, and your Looker Studio Secret Key. Hit Next , and the page will reload after connecting to your server. Select Report Type Then, select the Report Type from the dropdown at the bottom. For this template, select the 'Multiple Projects' option. Select Project Once you have selected the Report Type, hit Next again, and the page will reload with a dropdown of Projects for you to choose from. Check the projects you would like to report on in your dashboard. Only projects where Looker Studio was enabled will appear in this dropdown. If the project you need is not there, go back to the previous step and press the 'Enable Looker Studio' button on the projects you wish to include, then come back and follow the connector steps again. Connect your data source Now all you need to do is click the blue Connect button in the top right: Name your data source Don't forget to give your data source a descriptive name so you can easily identify it. Add to Report You are now ready to add this data source to the report. Do so by clicking the Add to Report button in the top right corner. ​ Select the new Data Source Once you click 'Add to Report' you will be taken back to the original window, where you can now select the newly created data source for your copy of the Single Project Dashboard. And voilà, you have a functional Multi Project Monitoring dashboard that you can now customize to suit your needs. Google Sheets Exports Sitebulb Cloud Server settings Looker Studio Sitebulb Connector Using the Looker Studio single project template Sitebulb Audit Reports in Looker Studio with Google Sheets Looker Studio multi-project monitoring template 