Looker Studio Dimensions and Metrics. his document details all the dimensions and metrics available through Sitebulb's Looker Studio Connector. Simple Data Types Dimension: project ​ Data Type: text ​ Description: The name of the project. Dimension: Start Date Time ​ Data Type: Date & Time ​ Description: The date and time that the audit started, using the yyyyMMddHHmm format. Dimension: Audit Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The overall audit score (0-100). Dimension: SEO Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The SEO score (0-100). Dimension: All URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs, including external URLs and page resources. Dimension: Success URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code. Dimension: Not Found URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code. Dimension: Disallowed URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs that were disallowed in robots.txt. Dimension: Redirected URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs that returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Timed-out URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that timed out, so were not successfully crawled. Dimension: Forbidden URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: Error URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of crawled URLs that returned an Error (5XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Internal score (0-100). Dimension: Internal All URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs crawled. Dimension: Internal Success URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Not Found URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Redirected URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that were disallowed in robots.txt. Dimension: Internal Disallowed URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Timed-out URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that timed out, so were not successfully crawled. Dimension: Internal Forbidden URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Error URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal URLs that returned an Error (5XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal HTML URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal HTML URLs crawled. Dimension: Internal Download URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal download URLs crawled (e.g. PDF, CSV, EXE, etc…) Dimension: Internal Broken URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of broken internal URLs, including 4XX, errors and time-outs. Dimension: Resources All URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs crawled (e.g. images, JS, CSS, etc…). Dimension: Resources Success URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code. Dimension: Resources Not Found URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code. Dimension: Resources Redirected URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that were disallowed in robots.txt. Dimension: Resources Disallowed URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Resources Timed-out URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that timed out, so were not successfully crawled. Dimension: Resources Forbidden URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: Resources Error URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of page resource URLs that returned an Error (5XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: External All URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs crawled. Dimension: External Success URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Not Found URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Redirected URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs that returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Timed-out URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs that timed out, so were not successfully crawled. Dimension: External Forbidden URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Error URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external URLs that returned an Error (5XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Indexability Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Indexability score (0-100). Dimension: Indexable HTML URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal HTML URLs that are indexable. Dimension: Non-Indexable HTML URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal HTML URLs that are not indexable (e.g. noindex, canonicalized, etc…). Dimension: On-Page Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The On Page score (0-100). Dimension: Image URLs With Alt Text ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of image URLs that have alt text set. Dimension: Image URLs Missing Alt Text ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of image URLs with missing or empty alt text. Dimension: URLs With Images Without Alt Text ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of HTML URLs with images missing alt text. Dimension: Duplicate Content Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Duplicate Content score (0-100). Dimension: URLs With Duplicate Content ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs with identical HTML content to other internal URLs. Dimension: Similar Content ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs with a high percentage of similar HTML content to other internal URLs. Dimension: urls With Duplicate Title ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs with identical page title to other internal URLs. Dimension: Urls With Duplicate Meta Description ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs with identical meta description to other internal URLs. Dimension: Urls With Duplicate Title And Meta Description ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs with identical page title and meta description to other internal URLs. Dimension: Technically Duplicate URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which are technically duplicate (e.g. URLs with the same query string parameters and values, just in a different order). Dimension: Links Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Links score (0-100). Dimension: Internal Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal link relationships across the whole website. Dimension: Unique Internal Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Followed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal followed links. Dimension: Unique Internal Followed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal followed links (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Nofollowed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal nofollowed links. Dimension: Unique Internal Nofollowed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal nofollowed links (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Broken Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal broken links - 404 or 410. Dimension: Internal Unique Broken Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal broken links - 404 or 410 (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Success Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Unique Success Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Not Found Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Unique Not Found Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Redirect Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Unique Redirect Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Error Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that errored (5XX). Dimension: Internal Unique Error Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that errored (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Forbidden Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: Internal Unique Forbidden Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Timeout Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that timed out. Dimension: Internal Unique Timeout Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that timed out (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal Not Crawled Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links to URLs that were not crawled. Dimension: Internal Unique Not Crawled Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links to URLs that were not crawled (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: Internal JavaScript Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of internal links that were created by JavaScript. Dimension: Unique Internal JavaScript Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique internal links that were created by JavaScript (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external link relationships across the whole website. Dimension: Unique External Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Followed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external followed links. Dimension: Unique External Followed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external followed links (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Nofollowed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external nofollowed links. Dimension: Unique External Nofollowed Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external nofollowed links (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Broken Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external broken links - 404 or 410. Dimension: External Unique Broken Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external broken links - 404 or 410 (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Success Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Unique Success Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that returned a Success (200) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Not Found Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Unique Not Found Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Redirect Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Unique Redirect Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that returned a Not Found (404) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Error Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that errored (5XX). Dimension: External Unique Error Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that errored (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Forbidden Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: External Unique Forbidden Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Timeout Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that timed out. Dimension: External Unique Timeout Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that timed out (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External Not Crawled Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links to URLs that were not crawled. Dimension: External Unique Not Crawled Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links to URLs that were not crawled (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: External JavaScript Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of external links that were created by JavaScript. Dimension: Unique External JavaScript Links ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique external links that were created by JavaScript (i.e. unique anchor text, target URL and link location). Dimension: XML Sitemaps Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The XML Sitemaps score (0-100). Dimension: Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that were found in XML sitemaps. Dimension: NotFound Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that were found by other crawl sources, but not found in XML sitemaps. Dimension: Error Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that were found in XML sitemaps, which returned an error (5XX). Dimension: Forbidden Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that were found in XML sitemaps, which returned a Forbidden (403) HTTP status code. Dimension: Disallowed Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that were found in XML sitemaps, which were disallowed by robots.txt. Dimension: Redirected Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs that were found in XML sitemaps, which returned a Redirect (3XX) HTTP status code. Dimension: Indexable Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of indexable internal URLs that were found in XML sitemaps. Dimension: NonIndexable Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of non-indexable internal URLs that were found in XML sitemaps (e.g. Canonicalized URLs). Dimension: Noindexed Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of noindex internal URLs that were found in XML sitemaps. Dimension: Canonicalized Sitemap URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of canonicalized URLs that were found in XML sitemaps. Dimension: URLs With Structured Data ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which contain some structured data. Dimension: URLs Without Structured Data ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which do not contain any structured data. Dimension: URLs With Search Features ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which contain Google Search Feature markup. Dimension: URLs Without Search Features ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which do not contain Google Search Feature markup. Dimension: URLs With Passed Schema Entities ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs for which all Schema.org entities on the page are valid. Dimension: URLs With Failed Schema Entities ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs for which not all Schema.org entities on the page are valid (i.e. at least one is invalid). Dimension: URLs With Passed Search Features ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs for which all Google Search Feature markup on the page is valid. Dimension: URLs With Failed Search Features ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs for which not all Google Search Feature markup on the page is valid (i.e. at least one is invalid). Dimension: Traffic Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Search Traffic score (0-100). Dimension: Total Organic Visits ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of organic visits (users) from Google Analytics. If Google Search Console has also been connected, 'total clicks' is used from Search Console if this is larger than the organic visits number from Google Analytics. Dimension: Total Mobile Organic Visits ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of mobile clicks, across all crawled pages, taken from Google Search Console. Dimension: Total Desktop Organic Visits ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of desktop clicks, across all crawled pages, taken from Google Search Console. Dimension: Total Tablet Organic Visits ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of tablet clicks, across all crawled pages, taken from Google Search Console. Dimension: URLs Without Organic Search Traffic ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The number of URLs that have logged no organic visits in Google Analytics and no clicks in Google Search Console. Dimension: International Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The International score (0-100). Dimension: URLs With Hreflang Annotations ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which contain hreflang annotations. Dimension: URLs Missing Hreflang Annotations ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs which do not contain hreflang annotations. Dimension: Unique Hreflang Annotations ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of unique hreflang variations found. Dimension: External Hreflang URLs ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The total number of URLs on external websites that were found via hreflang. Dimension: Performance Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Performance score (0-100). Dimension: Mobile Friendly Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Mobile Friendly score (0-100). Dimension: Security Score ​ Data Type: number ​ Description: The Security score (0-100). Named Value Pairs Named value pairs must be used alongside a pre-aggregated dimension called URLs (Count), which must be used as a metric. It can’t be used on its own as a dimension, but only in conjunction with named value pairs. Dimension: HTTP Status Code (All) ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the HTTP status code (e.g. 200, 301, etc…), the value is the total number of URLs that returned this status code. This is for all URLs crawled, including page resources and external URLs. Dimension: HTTP Status Code (Internal) ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the HTTP status code (e.g. 200, 301, etc…), the value is the total number of URLs that returned this status code. This is for all internal URLs crawled. Dimension: HTTP Status Code (External) ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the HTTP status code (e.g. 200, 301, etc…), the value is the total number of URLs that returned this status code. This is for all external URLs crawled. Dimension: HTTP Status Code (Resources) ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the HTTP status code (e.g. 200, 301, etc…), the value is the total number of URLs that returned this status code. This is for all URLs page resources - both internal and external resources. Dimension: Structured Data Errors ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the type of structured data error: Schema Errors Google Errors Google Warnings The value is the total number of URLs that triggered this error. Dimension: Structured Data Formats ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the type of structured data format used: Microdata JSON-LD The value is the total number of URLs on which the format was used. Dimension: Pagination Status ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the pagination status: Paginated Not Paginated The value is the total number of URLs for each pagination status. Dimension: Canonical Status ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the pagination status: Malformed URL Missing To External URL To HTTP To HTTPS To Internal URL To Self The value is the total number of URLs for each canonical status. Dimension: Indexable Status ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the indexable status: Canonicalized Canonicalized Nofollow Canonicalized Noindex Canonicalized Noindex Nofollow Disallowed Error External External AMP External Hreflang Indexable Nofollow Noindex Noindex Nofollow Not Found Redirects The value is the total number of URLs for each indexable status. Dimension: Hreflang ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the hreflang annotation (e.g. en-gb, es-es, es-mx, etc…), the value is the total number of URLs that use this annotation. Dimension: HTML Lang ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the HTML lang attribute values (e.g. en-gb, es-es, es-mx, etc…), the value is the total number of URLs that use this value. Dimension: H1 Identification ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the identification status of the h1: Missing More than one Found The value is the total number of URLs for each identification status. Dimension: Meta Description Identification ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the identification status of the meta Description: Missing More than one Found The value is the total number of URLs for each identification status. Dimension: Title Identification ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the identification status of the page title: Missing More than one Found The value is the total number of URLs for each identification status. Dimension: H1 Length ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the length classification of the h1: Empty Good Short Long The value is the total number of URLs for each classification. Dimension: Meta Description Length ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the length classification of the meta Description: Empty Good Short Long The value is the total number of URLs for each classification. Dimension: Title Length ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the length classification of the page title: Empty Good Short Long The value is the total number of URLs for each classification. Dimension: Duplicate Content by Type ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the type of duplicate content: Similar Content Title H1 Meta Description URL The value is the total number of URLs for each type. Dimension: Web Vitals ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the performance score range: Good Needs Improvement Poor The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Dimension: CLS ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS) scoring range: Good <= 0.1 Needs improvement <= 0.26 Poor > 0.6 The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Dimension: FCP ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the First Contentful Paint (FCP) scoring range: Good <= 1800ms Needs improvement <= 3000ms Poor > 3000ms The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Dimension: LCP ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) scoring range: Good <= 2500ms Needs improvement <= 4000ms Poor > 4000ms The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Dimension: TBT ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the Total Blocking Time (TBT) scoring range: Good <= 200ms Needs improvement <= 600ms Poor > 600ms The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Dimension: TTFB ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the Time to First Byte (TTFB) scoring range: Good <= 200 Needs improvement <= 600 Poor > 600 The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Dimension: TTI ​ Data Type: text,number ​ Description: The name is the Time to Interactive (TTI) scoring range: Good <= 3785ms Needs improvement <= 7350ms Poor > 7350ms The value is the total number of URLs for each range, based on the sample tested. Objects Audit Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints across the entire audit. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Audit Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Audit Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint - across the entire audit. ​ Dimension: Audit Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. SEO Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the SEO report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: SEO Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: SEO Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the SEO report. ​ Dimension: SEO Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Performance Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Performance report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Performance Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Performance Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Performance report. ​ Dimension: Performance Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Internal Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Internal URLs report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Internal URLs Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Internal URLs Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Internal URLs report. ​ Dimension: Internal URLs Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Links Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Links report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Links Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Links Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Links report. ​ Dimension: Links Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Accessibility Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Accessibility report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Accessibility Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Accessibility Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Accessibility report. ​ Dimension: Accessibility Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Indexability Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Indexability report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Indexability Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Indexability Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Indexability report. ​ Dimension: Indexability Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Duplicate Content Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Duplicate Content report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Duplicate Content Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Duplicate Content Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Duplicate Content report. ​ Dimension: Duplicate Content Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. On Page Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the On Page report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: On Page Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: On Page Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the On Page report. ​ Dimension: On Page Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Security Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Security report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Security Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Security Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Security report. ​ Dimension: Security Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Mobile Friendly Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Mobile Friendly report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Mobile Friendly Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Mobile Friendly Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Mobile Friendly report. ​ Dimension: Mobile Friendly Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. AMP Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the AMP report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: AMP Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: AMP Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the AMP report. ​ Dimension: AMP Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. International Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the International report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: International Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: International Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the International report. ​ Dimension: International Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. XML Sitemaps Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the XML Sitemaps report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: XML Sitemaps Hints by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: XML Sitemaps Hints by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the XML Sitemaps report. ​ Dimension: XML Sitemaps Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. Organic Search Traffic Hints Data Type: Named value pairs: string,object ​ Description: All triggered Hints in the Organic Search Traffic report. ​ Object properties: importance, types, hints Object property : importance ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint importance, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each importance level. ​ Dimension: Organic Search Traffic by Importance - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : types ​ Data Type: Named value pairs: string,int The name is the Hint type, the value is the total number of URLs triggered for each type. ​ Dimension: Organic Search Traffic by Type - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count) Object property : hints ​ Data Type: Hint Array An array of the top 10 Hints triggered, based on the total number of URLs triggered for each Hint in the Organic Search Traffic report. ​ Dimension: Organic Search Traffic Hints List - to be used with a metric of URLs (Count). Additionally you can use the Hint Importance and Hint Type dimensions to add more data to the table. How to find internal link optimisation opportunities Google Sheets Exports Global Content Settings Looker Studio Sitebulb Connector Sitebulb Audit Reports in Looker Studio with Google Sheets Looker Studio Dimensions and Metrics Simple Data Types Named Value Pairs Objects Audit Hints SEO Hints Performance Hints Internal Hints Links Hints Accessibility Hints Indexability Hints Duplicate Content Hints On Page Hints Security Hints Mobile Friendly Hints AMP Hints International Hints XML Sitemaps Hints Organic Search Traffic Hints 