Navigating Sitebulb Audits. The Audit Overview Once your crawl has finished, you will be presented with the finished Audit, starting from the Audit Overview. From here you can navigate to other areas of the audit and explore all the data that Sitebulb collects through contextualized reports and views. 1. Top Menu The options at the top contain different ways to access the data. URL Reports - This drop-down gives you direct access to the predefined URL lists for your key audit metrics. URL Explorer - Analyse all your URL data in bulk through the URL Explorer. Link Explorer - Analyse all links and their data in bulk. Site Visualisations - Understand how search engines crawl your website architecture with visual craw and directory maps. PDF Report - Create a customized PDF report based on all the data in your audit. Bulk Exports - This tab allows you to export several types of data in bulk. The bulk exports also contain information and insights not always visible in the Sitebulb UI. Google Drive - If you have exported data to Google Sheets, you’ll be able to access the relevant folders directly from here. 2. Audit Scores The scores show you a high-level interpretation of how well-optimized the website is, and areas that may need a bit of work. They are calculated based on the amount, type, and priority of types of Hints triggered by the crawled pages. 3. Core Crawl Data A summary of the key crawl data, and options to 'View', which allow you to jump directly into a URL list of the relevant pages. 4. Audit Details This card contains some of the key Audit details, including the date, start URL, Project Name, type of crawler, User Agent string, and (on desktop) links to the local folders in which your data is stored. 5. Reports Along the left-hand menu, you will find the various reports that Sitebulb generates. All of the data sitebulb collects during the audit is contextualized in these reports, which are structured to roughly follow the structure of your Technical SEO Audits. This list will change depending on your audit data settings - which you select at the point of setting up a new Audit or Project. 6. All Hints Finally, the ‘All hints’ tab contains all of the Hints triggered by your website. Find out more about Sitebulb’s Hints here . The Report Overviews Once you click into a report, you’ll see all the relevant data organized in a layout similar to the Audit Overview. 1. Report tabs At the top of each report, you will find a number of tabs with relevant data, including a Hints tab that lists all the hints triggered relevant to this report. Each report has its own unique tabs, which allow you to drill down into the report data. 2. Report Score The report score is calculated based on the hints triggered that are relevant to this report. You will also see the number of hints of each type and priority listed here - you can click on these labels to filter which hints are displayed. 3. Key Data Each report has a unique layout that presents key metrics and data in visual tables and graphs. This view allows you to quickly identify issues, and efficiently communicate priorities with clients and stakeholders. Audit settings Audit Data International Report Sitebulb Cloud Webhooks Choosing the right settings for efficient auditing Navigating Sitebulb Audits 