Retrospectively add a VAT number and business details to your invoice. Every so often we get a support message along the lines of: 'Help! I forgot to add my VAT number when I ordered Sitebulb, could you add it please? Also could you add my business name?' Fret not, you can easily do this yourself through the Sitebulb Customer Portal . Once you've added a VAT Number, you will no longer be charged VAT on future Sitebulb bills (assuming the VAT number is valid!). Here's how you do it: Sign in to the Sitebulb Customer Portal Follow this link or click the Login button on the Sitebulb website to sign into your account. You'll need to sign in with the credentials used when you first subscribed to the software. Your Subscription email address may be different from the one associated with your licence, as well as your billing address. Alternatively, navigate to the Customer Portal from Sitebulb If you already have Sitebulb open, and you sign into Sitebulb with the same email you purchased with, you can shortcut the previous step. Head to 'Your Account' and click the blue Manage Subscription button and Licenses. This will sign you into your account without you having to do it again. View your Subscription However you log in, you'll end up on a screen that looks like this: Click the blue View button to view the subscription details. This will take you through to a big page with all the details of your subscription. Navigate to Payments Hit the Payments button to view your payment history. Open a recent invoice To view a particular invoice, just click the associated Receipt link. You'll then be able to see your invoice for this payment. Add VAT number and business details To add a VAT number, business name, or address, click the button Add address & VAT# An overlay will pop up asking for address details. Tick the box 'This is a business purchase' and the VAT box will then appear. Enter all your details and hit Save at the bottom. Et voilà! Now your invoices will show all your business information, including your VAT number. You won't need to do this ever again, as this info will be saved and applied to all future invoices. If you need to send this to your accounts team, you can do this via print to PDF from your browser (Print -> Save as PDF). How to access your invoices Add more user licenses to your subscription How to cancel your subscription How to update payment details How to upgrade to a paid Sitebulb license Retrospectively add a VAT number and business details to your invoice 