Setting scheduled and recurring website audits. Sitebulb Pro and Cloud users are able to set up Projects to run scheduled one-off or recurring audits, which can be done at the initial audit setup or retrospectively added at a later date. This article will walk you through how scheduling works and how to do it. Video Demonstration For those that prefer video guides, we have a complete demonstration of the scheduling feature on the video below: Scheduling Settings When setting up a new audit, once you have finished customising the other elements, you should notice an option at the bottom entitled Scheduling. If you wish to add a schedule, enable the Schedule Audit box; This will open up the Scheduling panel and options. Scheduling a one-off audit By default, the 'Once' radio button is selected, which essentially means you are setting up a scheduled audit to run only once, but not regularly recur. Select a date and time All that is left to do is select a date and time, which can be specified to a 5 minute interval: Save You may notice that the green button at the bottom right, which normally says Start Now , has switched out to Save Audit , since the audit is scheduled for the future and will not actually run immediately. Setting up a recurring website audit A recurring audit is effectively a special case of a scheduled audit, so the initial steps as above are all the same. To set up a recurring audit, this time you need to select the Recurring radio button, which will also open up a set of new options underneath. Select how often you would like this audit to run The next set of options are self-explanatory, but I will explain them nonetheless: Monthly - the audit will run every month Weekly - the audit will run every week Daily - the audit will run every day Select when to start the audit This section is a little less intuitive. The default option is that the audit will start now and will run in its entirely, and then Sitebulb will schedule the audit to recur every month/week/day (based on the option you selected above). a. Start Now Using the time selector, you can pick a time in the day for the recurring audits to run. Since the selected option is to start the audit now, the green button bottom right stays as Start Now. b. Set a specific start date and time for your recurring audit The alternative option here is to select a specific time to start the first audit, and at the same time set up a recurring schedule. This is effectively a combination of the two concepts - we set up a single scheduled audit (without running one right away) and then set this to be recurring with a specific periodicity. Here is an example setup: So, in this example we switched to a monthly recurring audit, then set the first audit to run on the 1st of the month, so every following audit will also run on the 1st. Save Audit Now, if you check the screenshot below, you can see that the green button has changed to Save Audit . Edit Scheduled Project Settings and Schedule Start an ad hoc audit within a Scheduled Project Access and adjust Sitebulb's scheduling settings Audit Scheduling settings Changing Project Settings and Schedule Setting scheduled and recurring website audits 