Single Page Analysis Tool. The Single Page Analysis (SPA) tool allows you to render a single page in real time and provides you with a full technical analysis of the page. Perfect for quick analysis, troubleshooting, determining the correct auditing settings, and verifying resolved issues without the need to run a full crawl. By default, the Single Page Analysis tool uses the Chrome Crawler and Sitebulb’s User Agent to analyze your URL. The device is also set to Mobile by default. To get started, simply navigate to the Single Page Analysis tool through the top menu, then input your URL and click Check . Single Page Analysis Data Your URL check should only take a few moments to complete, you’ll then be presented with several tabs of useful and URL-specific data. Overview Once the check completes, you’ll land on the overview page. Here you’ll find key data points for Indexability, Metadata and key on-page data, Technologies, Web Core Vitas and Performance, HTTP response and response headers, and International implementation. Hints When carrying out a Single Page Analysis check, Sitebulb runs through all the Hints checks it would in a full report. The Hints tab shows all of the hints flagged during the analysis of your URL. Code Coverage Just like the main Code Coverage report , Sitebulb analyses all of the CSS and JS files found on the page and reports on how much of the code loaded is actually used for rendering. Response vs Render Side-by-side comparison of the HTML Response and Javascript Rendered content . Use the tabs at the top of the report to check the differences in the DOM, and drill down into Links, Images, Page Text, and HTML differences. Content modified by JS is highlighted in orange, new content added by JS is highlighted in green, and content removed by JS will be marked up in red. Screenshots Check this tab for screenshots of the rendered page on both desktop and mobile. Outgoing Links View all outgoing internal and external links found on the page, with their corresponding data. Page Resources An organised list of all StyleSheets, JavaScript, Fonts, and Images found on the page. Lighthouse Get Lighthouse Mobile and Desktop scores directly within Sitebulb, which allows you to cross-check performance with all the other technical page data gathered. SSL Analyse supported protocols, Cypher suites, and certificates. How to audit canonical tags Navigating Sitebulb Audits International Report Using SPA to Troubleshoot Audit Settings Choosing the right settings for efficient auditing Single Page Analysis Tool Single Page Analysis Data Overview Hints Code Coverage Response vs Render Screenshots Outgoing Links Page Resources Lighthouse SSL 