Sitebulb Cloud Server settings. The Server Settings area gives you access to a number of settings that control how Sitebulb Cloud functions and who can access the server. Only Admin users can access Server Settings. Management The management tab allows you to control key settings: Server Name You can give your server a meaningful name, which will be used when sending notifications (e.g. API payloads or Slack notifications). No. Concurrent Audits Concurrent crawling is only available on Large and Custom Cloud Plans. Ticking this option means that Sitebulb will run multiple audits simultaneously, as long as there are threads available to do so. If there are not enough threads available, new audits will simply get added to the queue. Once the running audit(s) completed, this will free up threads, so the queued audits can run. The 'Concurrent Queue Type' dropdown controls how this queue is handled. First in first out - means that audits will run in the order that they were added Next based on available threads - means that audits that require fewer threads will run next, should enough threads become available More about Concurrent Crawling Reserved threads Every time a user connects to the server, that user will be allocated a thread. This setting allows you to reserve a set number of threads on the server to ensure that users are still able to log onto the server when audits are running. Adjust this setting according to how many users might be working on the Cloud server and how many might log on at any particular time. Here are some rule-of-thumb suggestions: 1 reserved thread if you are the only user (minimum) 2 or 3 reserved threads for 2-4 users 3 or 4 reserved threads for 5-8 users If your users experience slowdowns when accessing data (e.g. the app hangs), you may need to increase the number of reserved threads. If you increase this number at a time when all the threads are being taken up by crawling activity, the reservations won't become active until one of your crawls has freed the threads. Don’t forget to Save your settings changes before you leave this page. Users Under this tab, you can control who has access to your Sitebulb Cloud Server. Add and Invite new users, or remove existing users to free us the limited user seats. The amount of users you can invite is determined by your Sitebulb Cloud plan. Secret Keys Secret keys allow users to connect to your Sitebulb Cloud Server through their desktop application. You can add as many keys as you need. You can also remove secret keys in order to remove a user’s access to the server. Make sure that you do not share your Admin Secret Key , this is tied to the cloud server and cannot be deleted. Secret keys are also used to add data sources in Looker Studio - you would normally have a dedicated key for this. Looker Studio By default, this setting is disabled. This means that you can Enable Looker Studio Access individually through the Project Dashboard of each of your projects. If you want to ensure that all of your Projects can be used as a source through Sitebulb’s Looker Studio connector, you can use this setting to enable Looker Studio access to all projects in bulk. Archive Schedules Use these settings to specify how many days Sitebulb will wait before archiving your audits. You can choose separate timeframes for projects with different Scheduling settings. More about Archiving audit data on Sitebulb Cloud We recommend that these settings be kept as they are by default. Webhooks Use webhooks to be notified of your Audits’ status. Slack Integration Set up your Slack integration in order to receive notifications in your selected channel through Webhooks. More about Integrating Slack with Sitebulb Cloud Connecting to Sitebulb Cloud Sitebulb Cloud Webhooks Concurrent Crawling How to Whitelist Sitebulb for Crawling Choosing the right settings for efficient auditing Sitebulb Cloud Server settings 