Using the Looker Studio single project template. Sitebulb's single project looker studio template roughly reflects the type of data you see in Sitebulb reports, showing crawl data for the most recent audit, plus the historical changes over time. It is designed to be a starting point for you to build your own customized dashboards, so you can take the bits you need, remove the bits you don't, and integrate Sitebulb data with other data sources (e.g. Google Analytics). Follow the steps below to set up your own Single Project Dashboard. Prerequisite Enable Looker Studio access to your projects by following the steps in this document . Copy the Template Head to Sitebulb's template page and make a copy of the dashboard from the burger menu in the top right corner. Create a new data source The Make a copy button will open a modal window entitled 'Copy this report', and it will take a minute to check the data sources - which will both show as '(Unknown)'. Don't worry about this, just click the 'New Data Source' dropdown on the right, and select Create Data Source at the bottom: Select the Sitebulb connector Search or scroll down and locate 'Sitebulb' in the Partner Connectors section. This will take you directly to the Connector page, which will allow you to set up your Sitebulb Server instance as a data source for Google Looker Studio. Add Server authentication details Use the Server Host URL, Server Port, and your Looker Studio Secret Key. Hit Next , and the page will reload after connecting to your server. Select Report Type Then, select the Report Type from the dropdown at the bottom. For this template, select the 'Single Project' option. Select Project Once you have selected the Report Type, hit Next again, and the page will reload with a dropdown of Projects for you to choose from. Click on the Project you need for your dashboard. Only projects where Looker Studio was enabled will appear in this dropdown. If the project you need is not there, go back to the previous step and press the 'Enable Looker Studio' button on the projects you wish to include, then come back and follow the connector steps again. Connect your data source Now all you need to do is click the blue Connect button in the top right: Name your data source Don't forget to give your data source a descriptive name so you can easily identify it. Add to Report You are now ready to add this data source to the report. Do so by clicking the Add to Report button in the top right corner. ​ Select the new Data Source Once you click 'Add to Report' you will be taken back to the original window, where you can now select the new created data source for your copy of the Single Project Dashboard. And voilà, you have a functional Single Project Looker Studio template that you can now customize to suit your needs. ​ Google Sheets Exports Sitebulb Cloud Server settings Looker Studio Sitebulb Connector Looker Studio multi-project monitoring template Sitebulb Audit Reports in Looker Studio with Google Sheets Using the Looker Studio single project template 